{\rtf1\ansi\deflang1033{\fonttbl{\f7\fnil\fcharset0\fprq0 Arial;}{\f42\fnil\fcharset0\fprq0 Times New Roman;}{\f44\fnil\fcharset0\fprq0 Verdana;}}{\stylesheet{\s0\snext0\f7\fs22\nowidctlpar\widctlpar Normal;}{\s1\sbasedon0\snext0\fs28\b\kerning28\keepn\sb240\sa60 Heading 1;}{\s2\sbasedon0\snext0\fs24\b\i\keepn\sb240\sa60 Heading 2;}{\s3\sbasedon0\snext0\fs22\b\keepn\sb240\sa60 Heading 3;}}{\info{\creatim\yr2003\mo6\dy27\hr1\min25\sec10}{\author Violet Famine}}\margl1440\margr1440\widowctrl\plain\f42\fs24\pard\qc\f44\fs26\b A Brief History and Explanation of the Terran Calendar\b0\par
\fs22\b By Elijah M. Anhalsa, Vallum 428.\par
\par
\pard\fs20 Introduction:\b0   The years pass; we count them and give them names.  But what do they mean?  Where did they come from?  The world as we know it today numbly embraces a surprisingly esoteric circle of knowledge regarding the history and meaning of chronological semantics.  Given the lack of existing literature on this specific topic (the information regarding these histories is certainly available, yet it is cryptically embedded in various documents of much larger scope, and thus cannot easily be referenced in total), it is my sincere intention to offer this as a first step towards a more commonplace understanding of the Terran Calendar in our society.  Most know the very minimum.  We have four seasons, each consisting of ninety days.  The year turns when the air becomes warm, and we greet Springtime with a new hope.  The heat of Summer guides us into the lovely primrose Autumn.  When the last orange leaves have fallen, snow blankets the ground and trees.  Then the Sun makes a glorious return, and the cycle repeats.  Beyond this, there lies a more involved explanation of the separation of ages, and the history of their names.  Herein lies the key to understanding, and as such, it is here that we begin.\par
\par
\b Maleficus:  \b0 No man knows how far things go back--And perhaps no God.  What we do know is that Genevieve and Aristal existed six-thousand years before the Demons were thrown down.  Maleficus is called the "Age of Chaos", however it was only named so in light of the events that took place near its latter days.  During the early times, as far as most historians can tell, things were relatively peaceful and naturally balanced throughout Maleficus (Yet as said, anything before 6000 MF lies in the realm of total mystery).  The great uprising of the Demon race was not a sudden event, but a slow malignancy.  It reached a head in around the year 308 MF (around three-hundred years before the Age of Domination came about).  The three centuries of war that followed earned the name "Maleficus" by which we now refer to the period of time that preceeded the victory of the Gods over the Demons race.  It was the was the Priests of Lourdes who gave it this name, as Elora could often be heard referring to the darkness and evil of the times during the great Demon War.  Once the final blow was struck, and the last drop of blood fell, Maleficus drew to an end, and we began counting the years all over again.\par
\par
\b Domina:\b0   Blah.\par
\fs26\par
\fs24\tab\tab{\fs22\b Elijah M. Anhalsa}\par
\tab\tab\fs20 Wizard and Scholar of Scion\fs26\par
}