{\rtf1\ansi\deflang1033{\fonttbl{\f7\fnil\fcharset0\fprq0 Arial;}{\f43\fnil\fcharset0\fprq0 Times New Roman;}{\f45\fnil\fcharset0\fprq0 Verdana;}}{\stylesheet{\s0\snext0\f7\fs22\nowidctlpar\widctlpar Normal;}{\s1\sbasedon0\snext0\fs28\b\kerning28\keepn\sb240\sa60 Heading 1;}{\s2\sbasedon0\snext0\fs24\b\i\keepn\sb240\sa60 Heading 2;}{\s3\sbasedon0\snext0\fs22\b\keepn\sb240\sa60 Heading 3;}}{\info{\creatim\yr2003\mo6\dy27\hr1\min25\sec10}{\author Violet Famine}}\margl1440\margr1440\widowctrl\plain\f43\fs24\pard\qc\f45\fs26\b The Stiletto Manifesto\b0\par
\fs22\b Original Words by Genevieve, Domina 126.\par
Translation by Danai Daravon, Vallum 652.\b0\fs26\par
\pard\par
\fs20\b Foreword:\b0   The Stiletto Manifesto was spoken by Lady Genevieve to a congregation of Gods and Goddesses in Ravenna, on the 35th day of Autumn in the year 126 PD.  Dictation was taken in the language of the Gods by an unknown transcriber.  The manuscript was passed down through the ages until the founding of the grand city of Odessa in Domina 1250, where it has been held since as a national treasure.  Two years prior to the present season, in the year 652 PV, Lady Genevieve and her most Loyal Blades formed the Order of the Bloody Rose.  As two of the founding members present, my assistant Jeneal and I were entrusted with many of the artifacts from Odessa, to house in our Fort and protect with our lives.  Among these items, of course, was the original transcript of the Manifesto.  It has been my business, and particular interest, since then to tirelessly work to form a complete and accurate translation for the Library of Scion.  Now that I have completed what I hope to be the quintessential reference to the philosophies of our Order, it is my intention to return the manuscript to Odessa, where it belongs.  Finally, I would like to thank my compatriots Jeneal Capulet and Kyral Callidus for their assistance with too many things to name.  And of course, my eternal thanks to Lady Genevieve, for her undying patience with my shortcomings as a linguist and writer.  A dagger dances in my hand far more skillfully than a quill.  I pray that I have done you justice.\par
\par
\b Note to the reader:\b0   This discourse was not first meant to be a written document, however I have appropriately added subdivisions to the text in order to maintain some literary structure.  In particular, I have divided and titled the sections dealing with the Seven Principles of the Blade, of which the entire Manifesto concerns.\par
\fs24\par
\tab\tab{\fs22\b Danai Daravon}\par
\tab\tab\fs20 Order of the Bloody Rose\par
\par
The Seven Principles of the Blade\par
\par
1. One is greater than many.\par
2. Do not use it until you need it.\par
3. Speak not until under the knife.\par
4. Hold truth in low esteem.\par
5. Have no sympathy for the dead.\par
6. Domination through violence.\par
7. Loyalty over self.\fs26\par
}